Jehovah made Jesus first, then the angels, but there was no sun, moon, stars, no earth.
What would that be like?
It would be something like this.
I can't see daddy.
Jehovah created the stars, including our sun, and earth.
But it did not look like it does now.
In the beginning, there was nothing but one big ocean of water.
Until...
He made land appear.
Then he made grass and trees.
Don't worry my son, I will help you.
Here you go.
Thanks dad. What about all the animals?
Yes, first he made sea life and the birds.
Daddy, I'm flying.
And do you know what Jehovah made next?
What?
He made all the animals that live on land.
And then he made people.
Jehovah created the earth and everything on it.
He made it beautiful.
So we can enjoy it.
Once us to enjoy his creation, forever.
Ready to see a prayer?
Let's thank Jehovah.